Update the Search Synonyms topic with possible action information (#1401)
magento/merchdocs: src/marketing/search-synonyms.md

    ![Search synonyms group grid - saved group]({% link images/images/search-synonym-group-grid.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Search Synonym Group Saved_

> ## Edit a Synonym Group
> 
> 1. In the Search Synonyms grid, click the row of any record to open the synonym group in edit mode.
> 
> 1. Make the necessary changes.
> 
> 1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save Synonym Group</span>.
> 
> ## Delete a Synonym Group
> 
> There are several methods for deleting a synonym group - from the grid and on the edit page.
> 
> **Method 1:** In the Search Synonyms grid:
> 
> 1. In the Search Synonyms grid, select the checkbox of the group to be deleted.
> 
> 1. In the upper-left corner of the list, set **Actions** to `Delete`.
> 
> 1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Submit</span>.
> 
> **Method 2:** On the Edit a Synonym Group page:
> 
> 1. In the Search Synonyms grid, click the row of any record to open the synonym group in edit mode.
> 
> 1. Click <span class="btn">Delete Synonym Group</span>.
> 
> 1. Confirm the deletion in the pop-up window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit a synonym group

1. In the _Search Synonyms_ grid, click the row of any record to open the synonym group in edit mode.

1. Make the necessary changes.

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save Synonym Group</span>.

## Delete a synonym group

There are two methods for deleting a synonym group---from the grid and on the edit page.

**Method 1:** In the Search Synonyms grid

1. In the _Search Synonyms_ grid, select the checkbox of the group to be deleted.

1. In the upper-left corner of the list, set **Actions** to `Delete`.

1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Submit</span>.

**Method 2:** On the Edit a Synonym Group page

1. In the Search Synonyms grid, click the row of any record to open the synonym group in edit mode.

1. Click <span class="btn">Delete Synonym Group</span>.

1. When prompted, confirm the removal of the group.
```

Author: Thank you @leslietilling , I have implemented your edits, please approve this PR 😊
Thank you!
